Let's discuss a balance sheet in more detail.
Remember a balance has to balance to scale.
All right so a balance sheet will tell you what stuff do I have and do I own it or do other people.
OK.
And so everything in this world is owned by you somebody else a bank or a company or government.
Right.
So let's go through this.
So the stuff that you have is money a factor and a car in terms of who owns that stuff.
It's either the bank right that rich dude smoking whatever is he's smoking.
And then you OK and you're also that gold person there.
So make more sense than saying.
All right so.
So if I have who owns cat and the stuff you have is called assets.
Those are your assets.
In Who owns those assets.
That's called liabilities and equity.
OK.
And so assets is against stuff you own liabilities is a bank that owns your stuff and an equity is people
that own your stuff including yourself.
OK.
And so assets has equal liabilities plus equity.
And so I'll give you example that car there.
Let's pretend it's a Toyota car.
OK.
You own it.
Right.
Well you finance actually writes you own part of it.
So that car is equal to the amount you own of it plus the amount the bank of Toyota is facing you.
Same thing could go for a house that factory pretends the house you own that house.
Right.
It's owned by Wells Fargo partially right.
Big mortgage company for example.
And you.
And so everything that's an asset has to balance with a liability or an equity position in that asset
.
And so the scale has to always bounce and and a balance sheet is a snapshot in time.
And Kate just tells you what do you own or what do you know at this moment.